my view of the line of work that I've done and how it's changed over time
is that is becoming more relevant now than probably it was even
five years ago especially ten fifteen years ago so for example the line
of work that I was doing we used to use marine mammals to try and
find you know unexploded ordnance and mines under the water and now
we've moved forward using unmanned underwater vehicles to do this
line of work so what that does is it you know reduces the risk of personnel
because you're not having to put essentially people within a
mine field oral or animals in a mine field to find these things they
can be miles away and you're still using equipment to do that as well
as it's helping to reduce that time line that we have in mind countermeasures
so as you know things change as technology changes and
also to I've noticed that the navy and department of defense as a whole
is starting to buy off on this entire you know you you UV or unmanned
systems round you can see everywhere from the president's national
security strategy on down the national defense strategy to our
senior knows maritime for superiority you know one point and even to
point documentation all the over arching instructions that govern
what we do as a department of defense and as a naval forces a hole is
really starting to buy off on unmanned systems and moving forward
in that direction because they realize that it can exponentially do
more work than we can with people as well as it also is reducing wrist
a person out which is a good thing so those are kind of some of things
I've seen change when the technologies change is that unmanned
systems is becoming more relevant and what we do day to day throughout
partner defense as a whole